hey youtube this is primetimepokemon in
today's pokemon sun i'll be taking a
look at is the team rocket set this set
came out in april of 2020 forth to be
exact and this set was considerably
delayed after the base actually after
the fossil-based that too came in
between but it was about six months
between the fossil and team rocket
releases the reason that was is because
this set was the first set to have a
secret rare card which is basically a
card that has a number higher than the
amount of cards in the set and dark
raichu is that card and that cards
number is 83 out of 82 so there's 83
total cards in the set but if you look
down here it will only show 82 cards in
the set because that right you is a
secret rare card the symbol for a team
rocket is this are like this as you can
see the holographic pattern is the same
as the set i just got done reviewing the
base at to set some other interesting
facts about team rocket was that this is
the first set to include dark pokemon
and actually there's a couple different
options instead of dark you we could
have had bad or evil pokemon and neither
of those two are i think is a very good
translation probably what they had
japanese to the English so darks
probably a better type and later on the
neo sets we introduced light type
Pokemon again this set doesn't include
any reverse Hallows any ultra rares
anything like that other than the secret
rare card it just includes the
holographic cards and then the regular
cards from the set some of the Pokemon
on the pax the PAX included basically
Team Rocket boss Gyarados jessie and
james from Team Rocket and then everyone
on one pack the team rocket set also had
two theme decks released with it
devastation which was a grass and water
type deck and then trouble which was a
grass and psychic type deck my favorite
card from this set would be I'm sure you
can guess it is dark Charizard I
have that card and this is another box
I've never opened on YouTube I'm hoping
to open one soon I've opened a few packs
here in there of Team Rocket I've also
opened some Japanese team rocket packs
so I might be able to link one of those
videos in the underbar below and also
include in the underbar a link to a scan
of every card in the set so you can look
through it and determine your favorite
pokemon card from the set and post in
the comments section this video so I
hope you enjoyed this video next week
i'll be reviewing and taking a look at
the gym heroes set so thanks for
watching and stay tuned for more thank
you